This certificate covered some
rigorous security content.
You could have given
up at any point,
but you didn't. And for that,
you deserve to be
proud of yourself!
As we discussed at the
beginning of this program,
the security field is growing
and in need of security
professionals,
just like you, to help
protect organizations
around the world and
the people they serve.
The knowledge and skills
you've obtained throughout
this certificate program
will allow you to begin
applying for entry-level
security analyst jobs.
Now, let's take a
moment to summarize
what we've discussed
throughout this program.
We started by exploring
core security concepts,
including the definition of
security and core skills.
Then, we covered the focus of
eight security domains and
discussed how security supports
critical organizational
operations.
Following that, we
discussed network security,
including network
architecture and
the mechanisms used to secure
an organization's network.
In the next course, we
turned our focus to
computing basics for
security analysts.
In this section, we
introduced Linux and SQL.
After that, we explored assets,
threats, and
vulnerabilities in depth.
This included discussions about
how assets are classified and
the security controls
used by organizations
to protect valuable information
and minimize risks.
In the next course, we focused
on incident detection
and response.
Here, we defined what a
security incident is
and explained the incident
response lifecycle.
In the following course,
we introduced the Python
programming language
and explored
how to develop code related
to common security tasks.
Finally, in the last
course of the program,
we explored topics related to
your pathway into the
security profession,
including how to find
and apply for jobs.
You put a lot of
valuable time and
energy into completing
this certificate program.
Remember that the learning
doesn't stop here.
As you move forward
in your career,
always be mindful of
the new trends developing
in the world of security.
As technology
continues to advance,
the threats to organizations
and people will evolve as well.
It's up to you to stay
informed and always
be willing to learn.